hey folks Stu from Evolution Unleashed
today I'm going to show you a way to
leverage your learning style to read any
book that AI has been trained on and
deliver you the lessons from that book
tailored to your personality style it's
pretty cool and this is part of what
we're trying to do here which is show
you what's possible with AI at a
personal level because look we know it's
going to change society disrupt industry
but what it can do for you and I is
incredible and that's what I'm here to
show you so let's just get straight into
it first thing you're going to need
today is your Myers Brig score your your
uh indicator they call it so you can
take a free test here by clicking the
button
16personalities.com so I will put this
link down in the description so you can
find this nice and easily and you just
go through and answer these and when you
do you're going to end up with a person
ity type so for example uh I'm a
logician so I'm an
inpa okay and then it'll tell you all
about your personality type the way your
mind works your learning style and AI
has been trained on this so we can
leverage this to personalize the
learnings that it can provide us what do
I mean well let's take this book The
Diary of a CEO by Steve Bartlett Steven
Bartlett is somebody I have a lot of
respect for I follow his behind the
scenes
uh blog Vlog whatever you want to call
it on YouTube and he is an incredibly
sharp mind and someone that I have a lot
of respect for but for me to get my
hands on this book while I'm sitting in
Vietnam is a bit hard so what we can do
is go to chat
GPT Gemini perplexity I've tested it on
all three and we're going to see what
comes up but let's have a quick look at
the prompt we're using today and this is
from our ultimate prompt toolkit which
you can have for free link is in the
comments it's got a ton of really cool
prompts bit of training on prompt
structure all designed to show you
what's possible and today we're using
this one book summary tailored to your
personal situation and it can save you
hours of reading and allow you to learn
the lessons of a book so long as the AI
has been trained on it now we're not
going to get caught up in the sticky
ethical sort of side of this at the end
of the day if you go on to Google and
search key lessons from this book there
are a ton of blog pages and articles
where people have written about their
experience so you know where do we draw
the line I'm not here to have that
conversation but it is one that we
should probably be aware of anyway so
here's the prompt and you'll see in
yellow there's some placeholders this
whole document is in the comments so
you'll be able to find this so you just
put in the book book title let's change
that in put and author so that it's
absolutely absolutely
clear what do you want to help with why
would you want to read that book just
fill in what you're struggling with or
what you're looking for or why would you
want to read that book what is it that
drives you to want to pick it up and
learn from it and then put your Myers
Brig score here which you got from your
uh 16
personalities your four little digit
with the dash like here and you Pop That
Into The Prompt so here's what The
Prompt looks like now cat GPT was giving
me its uh lazy issue which was uh always
fun so the book I've chosen of course is
Diary of a CEO by Steve
Bartlett my personality type and what do
I want help with well I've put using my
time more effectively especially in my
business I want to ensure I maximize
productivity and spend time and revenue
generating activities and what the
prompt will then do you can read it for
yourself it's going to take the key
lessons put them in a list for format
it's going to use hard love mentoring
compassionate empathetic relatable and a
resonant tone they all matter those
words so that it gives me uh advice
that'll be most beneficial meeting me
where I'm at and we want this according
to my learning style and we want an
explanation a location and book a
personalized strategy tailored to me and
three action steps to implement it
because we want to just be able to get
the crunchy stuff straight away critical
it's imperative all responses are
aligned to my Myers Briggs personality
that's that 4+ one code that you get
from 16 personalities we've got a token
override which is a really cool hack we
did a video on that recently so just uh
check our Channel and here you'll see it
will say please continue and when it's
finished it will say end of overall
output now cat GPT being chat GPT it's
struggling from some laziness so it just
started going through and giving me all
this see the 2B continued you would just
type please continue I said is this
actually from the book well not really
I'm just using general principles and
I'm like I don't have the time to read
it which is why I'm asking you this
request please rerun my request to the
best of your ability and when it's being
lazy saying best of to the best of your
ability does seem to work anyway so I
understand your situation better now and
I and I appreciate your patience so now
it's going to align the essence of the
book tailored to resonate with my
personality typee or yours when you put
yours in and here it is Embrace failure
as a stepping stone explanation
prioritize learning and personal growth
is an explanation a personalized
strategy leverage your unique
perspective and so on and then there's
action steps across all those lessons
daily reflection in journaling
structured Learning Time feedback and
iteration but it didn't finish so I said
please continue and it keeps going so
lesson four lesson five lesson six
personalized strategy action steps and
so on very cool Gemini this is Gemini
Advanced let's have a look at how it did
uh it it it did it straight away it was
uh pretty clever actually so the first
thing it did was described the way I
think I'm analytical I'm logical I'm
curious and I'm independent so it what
it shows that understands me I didn't
ask it to do that but you know these AI
models like to be helpful and then time
is your most valuable asset asset
Clarity of a purpose drives Focus now I
really like that it really resonates
with me uh that's the sort of words I
would use so it really is uh tailoring
this really nicely to me and I really
liked Gemini's output better than chat
GPT now here's uh to be continued what I
liked here is for every lesson it gave
me three action steps chaty PT has been
a bit lazy lately and it didn't so one
up for
Google well done Gemini and this is
pretty pretty good stuff so it kept
going and we've got three regenerations
before it finished oh and it still wants
to go uh so we can just type please
continue and it will develop and it'll
just keep giving you lessons obviously
it's just going to keep going and going
gosh Gemini you're very helpful here's a
couple more critical lessons Embrace
calculated risk is brilliant okay and
then let's have a quick look at
perplexity so we ran the same thing it
asks some questions it does some
searching so there's all those blogs I
mentioned so it's pulling from that and
the key listen fill your five buckets in
the right order now I've heard him speak
about this on his podcasts this is
really interesting and the knowled the
buckets are knowledge skills network
resources and
reputation personalized strategy for an
inpa your natural inclination towards
logic analysis and problem solving Alli
well with the systematic approach of
filling your bu
this is incredible so this is perplexity
I've also done a YouTube video showing
you around and how to use all the
different models and you'll I'll show
you in a minute which model we're using
this is an incredible model lesson two
Embrace failure is a stepping stone we
saw that earlier uh tells you the
location in the book gives me my
personalized explanation here's my three
steps and it can also handle the to be
continued and we're using
claud's Claude 3's new model
which is absolutely incredible some are
saying it's sentient folks they're not
alive they just train to talk like us
okay they're just tools don't get fooled
by sentient AIS well not yet anyway okay
so it just kept going it gave me a lot
of really cool stuff and then it gives
me a conclusion which the other ones
didn't um your natural strength and
Analysis problem solving and Innovation
can be powerful assets by staying true
to your core values
etc etc you can build a fulfilling and
impactful life and career so folks once
again if you want to try this you can do
it for any book that AI is trained on
and by using
perplexity uh or gemini or catb they can
all search the web as well so they'll be
able to search the web so this is where
it is in the book I want to show you
what else you can get in here because
what evolution Unleashed our brand is
all about is equipping you with tools to
unlock what's truly possible with AI
today at a personal level whether you're
in business career or even just wanting
some personal breakthrough we've got
prompts for everything we even got some
fun stuff in here so personal
development content generation sales and
marketing Business Development Career
Development and so on and then some
modifiers and some other cool stuff so
if You' like that just check down below
so there you have it using AI to
accelerate your learning not just
accelerate it but align it to your
learning style this is the power of AI
this is why we're so excited about it if
you've enjoyed this video please
subscribe and I'll be back soon with
some more cool AI tips to get more out
of these cool technology models good
ending peace